today I have an unboxing of the a CEO of
the 3d Tron and I believe what they need
to say is levitron but you can clearly
see this e is backwards in elite gaming
manner in fact it's the the favorites
let's be the troubles line or crosshair
let three the true crosshair charm hmm
okay whatever
it's the levitron gaming keyboard it is
a high performance gaming keyboard you
can manually toggle the keyboard from
standard mode to gaming mode an
adjustable keyboard backlight will keep
the action going even when the lights go
out so this is a backlit keyboard with
programmable macro keys ten times three
programmable macro keys so using the
hotkey shortcut specific keyboard
characters or whole keyboard sequences
through the keyboard software macro keys
automatic profiles switching with the
launch of user specified program or the
press of a key the keyboard will be
right on board with your game plan by
automatically switching to the right
profile very cool so that's what they
mean by ten times three macro keys so
ten macro keys with up to three separate
profiles media Keys including volume
up/down and mute keys for convenient
audio control also equipped with
replaceable core acidy gaming function
keys with the key cap remover very cool
so I'll show you guys that once we open
it up the control the battlefield with
the long description that if you really
want to you can pause the video and read
it ok customizable keys Auto profile
switching through your profiles command
centre that's the software macro keys
media keys package contents and this is
all stuff that we've covered before
limited lifetime warranty that's
interesting you don't see that very
often on a keyboard so there you go
limited lifetime warranty from an SEO ok
baby up Oh
lifetime support in addition to warranty
by phone by live chat by email huh
really not very often you see that on a
keyboard
Hey okay we got a QuickStart guide here
in color showing you the macro keys the
command center media keys other more
different macro keys product features
which we've covered twice now let's see
if there's anything ok the key stroke
length is 5 million this is a membrane
keyboard so something to bear in mind is
that at the price point this keyboard is
at
with the backlight built-in that is to
be expected you're not going to be
getting a mechanical keyboard at this
kind of a price point and let's have a
look at the processor in more detail
after I cut this open with my knife
off-camera oh no wait no I got it I got
it
turn it off just yet come apart I know
my phone's ringing okay I'm going off
camera in the baggie we find
irreplaceable gaming Keys so you can see
here we there's our there's our s which
hold on w a s now I'm confused
oh no W hey you know what let's get this
report out of the bag first that will
help us make things more efficient in
the long term all right keyboard the
overall look of the levitron is actually
fairly good it's got a velocity black
finish just around the keyboard itself
the keys have a matte finish to them and
then around the outside of it there is
there's a more of a matte finish okay
all of the control center keys up here
these are glossy you can actually
manually switch between the profiles or
you can use the software to make it so
that it will automatically switch
between the profiles you can control the
level of the LED backlight you can lock
the Windows key that is a very useful
functionality the last thing you want is
to accidentally minimize your game and
let's have a look at the positioning of
the macro keys so there's five macro
keys on the very far left five more
macro keys on the very far right and I'm
just gonna do a quick evaluation of what
I think of the actual key responses
themselves these are a very short travel
so you're not gonna have to press them
down a whole long way in order to get a
response out of them what I would
compare this to I'm not necessarily in
terms of key response or feel but in
terms of the travel distance is
something from something from one of
razors gaming keyboard lines so where
they use like a here you can hear that
very quiet
so the switches are extremely quiet very
low travel so just the general feel is
similar to what I would get from from
one of their keyboards although not with
the glossy keys okay so the hello world
I am seeing what I think this keyboard
not bad actually it's a little bit mushy
er than I would personally prefer I do
like a little bit more tactile feedback
but it's a trade-off because it does
take a little bit longer to press a key
that has more tactile feedback in terms
of the layout of the keyboard itself I'd
say there are no glaring errors other
than the positioning of the backspace
personally I have small hands and I very
much prefer a long backspace and then a
shortening of the Enter key so just
putting this guy right here is my
preferred layout because nobody presses
enter up here but many people press
ENTER here long shift keys that is a
must for a gaming keyboard and then WASD
everything is laid out as normal here we
do have our media keys up here so
there's your play pause as well as your
volume adjustment keys I think that
pretty much covers everything on the
front of it let's move around to the
back so it does have little feet that
you can go ahead and flick up so if you
want to increase the angle of the
keyboard towards you
or decrease it all you have to do is
flip those and then let's have a look at
the key remover so it does come with a
key remover tool as well as replacement
keys for most of the gaming area keys
themselves so why don't we do our huh
that that was easy and then we can take
our and we can put it back on and now
our has a reload not not it and if you
like really wanted to thanks crew with
someone who you know who has this
keyboard you could take one of your
spare keys and you could like you could
do something like that just to be a jerk
you jerk really slowly there Oh No which
one's the a key hahaha that's pretty
much it alright so thank you for
checking out my unboxing of the levitron
for me